
Proposal Idea: 
    Our project aims to create a Mad Libs style Python interactive application. To be able to make this happen we plan on using OpenAI's API to make different stories for each user so that the narrative is more dynamic and humorous. The users will be able to insert different inputs, such as names, nouns, verbs and adjectives to generate their own funny story. The goal of using OpenAI is that based on this inputs, the API can start customizing the story to have a funny context and twists following the same style of the Mad Libs game. 

    Some of the topics we plan on exploring are Natural Language Generation, this will be through the use of OpenAI, the use of this API will help us in our project for prompt engineering and having a creative output without the need to repeat the same stories, but change it for each user. This leads to another topic wich is interactive story telling, where the narrative will be dictated by the user. Also, we plan to use Python programming fundamentals such as Flask, to be able to have an input, output, include randomization and APIs. Through the use of these topics we will be able to develop a Python Mad Libs style game which will enhance the use of AI for creative story telling and humor, we will also be able to prevent using some words that may not be friendly for story telling. Using these models we will then be able to establish a base story from templates we create and use the API to customize it to the inputs provided by each user for various elements required for the story. 

    Finally, our Minimum Viable Product (MVP) would be to create at least five story templates to offer diversification in the output of the game. To make sure that it is a feasible option, we want to code the game in Python, to test it in the command line version, to test these templates and the logic of the story, and keep the MVP simple to make it easier to identify any errors that we need to debug. If this is successful we then will integrate it with the API, to improve the stories and the output it generates. If this is successful, then our next stretch goal, would be to create a web-based interface through Flask, to create an HTML template to make the game a web-page game that people can access. Ideally we would then promt design the code so that OpenAI can create the story that we want and create dynamic templates without needing to rely on the pre-defined ones. If this is succesful then we can create multiple tabs that change based on the gender of the story that the user wants to create. 


Learning Objectives: 
    After discussing what we want to achieve from this project we determined we have three mutual goals we want to achieve through this project. The first is that we want to strengthen our API understanding and programming integration as we were having some trouble following the codes in class. We then want to learn how to leverage the OpenAI API to generate creative texts based on the prompt design we create and see if it would run in our project. Finally we also want to learn how to develop a collaborative HTTML web page through the use of Flask and get the program running and make it engaging for the user. 

    In terms of individual goals we have each determined our goals below: 
    - Nicole: I want to learn how to leverage the API to make sure that it creates user-friendly sotires and that it follows the aspect to be a funny story. I want to learn how programming integration works and learn how to draft it so that it helps us leverage the API as best as we can. I also want to determine if it is possible to create a 'Golden Story' through an if loop, where, if the user guesses a specific word correct it creates an individual story that lets yo
    - Lucia: My learning objective for this project is that I want to learn how to create a beginner friendly story using Flask interface for users to play online. I want to better understand the coding of how the HTML web-page can present to the user different outputs based on the inputs that they placed in the game. 


Implementation Plan: 
    In terms of libraries that we would need to use for the project we will be using OpenAI API, which will then make us use a dotenv file to control and manage the API that we will use. Then we will also need to use Flask, for web